Details
=======

Internals
---------

ccad is a python wrapper of pythonocc, which is a python wrapper of
OpenCascade, an open source mechanical CAD math engine.  So why wrap
python with more python?  pythonocc is a SWIG wrapper of a C++
project.  Because of that, the syntax is fairly cumbersome.  The
sphere instance from the introduction page looks like this in
pythonocc::

  from OCC.BRepPrimAPI import *
  s1 = BRepPrimAPI_Sphere(10.0).Shape()

ccad syntax is simpler, and allows you to focus more on design and
less on syntax.  Put simply, pythonocc is more for CAD developers;
ccad is more for CAD users.

Unfortunately, ccad use comes with a cost.  Not all of pythonocc's
abilities are yet wrapped.  Therefore, it lacks the power of
pythonocc.

However, extending ccad isn't too hard.  You can extend ccad with
python calls to pythoncc.  No C or C++ coding is necessary.  We're
always looking for pythonocc-skilled people to extend ccad's
abilities.

User Requirements
-----------------

You'll need to know python reasonably well to use ccad.  Additionally,
the *pydoc* generated documentation adds further detail to this
manual.  Keep it handly.

System Requirements
-------------------

You'll need pythonocc and python-qt4 to run ccad.

Installation
------------

Linux
^^^^^

To install ccad, follow the following procedure in Linux::

  tar xvzf ccad-ver.tar.gz (where ver is the version number)
  cd ccad-ver (where ver is the version number)
  python setup.py install --prefix=/usr/local (as root)

Change the prefix argument to install in a different directory.

Windows
^^^^^^^

To install ccad, follow the following procedure in Windows::

  tar xvzf ccad-ver.tar.gz (where ver is the version number)
  cd ccad-ver (where ver is the version number)
  python setup.py install

Mac
^^^

If you're a Mac user, ccad should still work.  I just haven't tried
it.  If you successfully install ccad on Mac, let us know how you did
it, and we'll update the documentation.

Troubleshooting
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

If you're having trouble, simply extract the .tar.gz file.  Then, add
that directory to your PYTHONPATH.  That, at least, will get you going.

Importing
---------

ccad consists of two modules: **model** and **display**.  As the names
suggest, **model** models shapes, and **display** displays shapes.
Usually, you import both at the front of your program::

  import ccad.model as cm
  import ccad.display as cd

Then, you may model and display::

  s1 = cm.box(1,2,3)
  v1 = cd.view()
  v1.display(s1)

Some users may prefer to write or use their own display.  In that
case, the **model** module can be imported alone::

  import ccad.model as cm

